Slide deck.

Impactful statement of how ChatGPT owns the truth now.
Introduction/What Do You Do (2 sentences):
2.1. Clearly state what the company does: 
    
    “ ____ (name of your product) is a SaaS platform for coaches to create their AI clone able to help and track the accountability for all their clients.

2. 2. Provide a specific, relatable example to illustrate the business model or service: Problem-Solution Statement.

	For example: A nutrition coach can create her AI clone to make sure her clients succeed (gives support 24/7 and checks in with a warm and understanding attitude).
		
Unique insights.
Many coaches can’t even create their websites. 
Now creating an AI agent will be as easy as filling a form.
Eventually we can even manage their billing.


1. Company Purpose.
	a) Protect freedom (and diversity) of thought.
	b) Leave no one behind. Help people grow using AI (wherever they want to grow)
	c) Unblock people to do good while doing well.
	d) Use revenue to fund social projects.

2. Problem.
	Coaching is not scalable. Coaches can’t help people at scale because they are the bottleneck for quality service to their clients.

3. Solution.
	A platform for coaches to create their AI clone able to help and track the accountability for all their clients.

4. Why Now
	Coaching is a booming industry [look for numbers]
	We are at a risk of letting ChatGPT decide what is the truth. We want to promote freedom (and diversity) of thought.

5. Market Size
	Research market size and make numbers of how many users can we support in a time frame and pricing.


6. Competition
	Fleek, Flock, other?

7. Product roadmap
	SaaS AI agent launcher for coaches.
	Train the agent with your own data and program
Active agent for accountability.
Different privacy settings.
Whatsapp, Discord, telegram, facebook, chatbots website and similar platforms.
	Pay with fiat
	Revenue split (Coach, company, treasury [public good funding]) 
	Will DAO eventually
	Creating new proprietary data

8. Business Model
	Tiered based on the number of users. (limited number of queries per user for free and then additional cost directly to the user)
	Eventually we can charge users directly on behalf of the coach.

9. Team
	Me (for now)

10. Financials

